A best friend is someone you tell secrets to, right?
But what if it were the same person to hold you at night?
As the sun goes down and the stars appear,
It's that someone whom you tell your biggest fear.
Your dearly beloved, whether a guy or a girl 
Suddenly becomes your whole world,
And you laugh and you sing and you dance all around,
As your best friend twirls you round and round
And in the truth of the morning, everything is okay
You see that your beloved is here to stay.
Holding you tightly and never letting go 
All during the disappearance of the moonlight glow.
And it is them you want to spend the rest of your life
Alongside them, your dear husband or wife.
And 70 years after you said "I do"
You manage to say one last "I love you"
Then you'll drift away to a heavenly sleep 
With the one who you love so deep.
###
Do you believe in the new year, new me?
Do you want to change what you believe?
What about the people in your life?
The one's facing much more strife?
Are you going to leave them behind to?
Simply to change the old you?
What was so wrong with you anyway?
You lived a life simply, day by day.
What was wrong with that?
Was it because you were a brat?
Then just change a small thing.
Wait for what this year brings.
###
Those are simple ones to find.
Those are the ones stuck in your mind.
You draw your crowd in.
Get under their skin!
###
What's with this imposter Donald Trump?
For president I'd much prefer Forrest Gump!
His ramblin’ views I find difficult to perceive.
Methinks he hides precarious tricks up his sleeve!
###
Mike Huckabee,
a presidential wanna be.
Former governor and preacher man,
is touting his "Fair Tax" plan.
###
Frankenstein’s Monster has that cosmic glow,
And only wants to be a common Joe.
Looking now for his oh-so-special-mate;
Beware ladies, HE could be your next date!
###
I want to run, I want to hide
From all the pain he caused inside.
I want to move on, I just can't let go.
I love him more than he will ever know.
I want to start over, I want to feel free!
But this pain will never leave me be.
He hurt me bad, the pain is deep.
From all the promises he couldn't keep.
How can I forget him, leave the him behind.
Erase the memories from my mind.
He doesn't love me, and he never will.
He will never care how I feel.
###
He wrote her a song, but it never got finished
They both fell in love, but it was soon diminished
She sits on his bed and cries in his lap
He cries back at her, knowing they can't go back.
At the end of the day, comes the part which he fears
To let her go without shedding a tear
"You are my siren, you drew me in
With a voice like an angel and the softest skin
Your eyes shine like diamonds and your smile melts my heart
I know that nothing could tear us apart"
That's what he wrote and let me just say
That he'd never do anything to throw that away
An old boyfriend showed up and that's when he knew
That her feelings for him were not shiny and new
This person left her and crushed her heart
But she had loved him since the very start.
When our boy came along she saw a way
To end her pain and make it all go away
But by loving this person through thick and through thin
She looked at our boy and wished it was him
Now this is where the second verse starts
It's about how she seemed to break his heart
He found out her feelings, it went straight to his head
So he carried on writing and here's what he said
You make me smile when no one else can
It just makes me happy to be your man
But it hurts me deeply that you long for his heart
I thought we would last, but this breaks us apart
He sat in his room and just wished he 
Could be just like her ex so that they could be
But as long as he was there they could never be true
So he'd sit in his room feeling sad and blue
Now comes the part where she's crying in his lap
They both just decided to never go back
The pain is immense but it's saving his heart
Because staying with her would rip him apart
Here's where he decides to finish the song
The story of how it all went wrong
He starts the last verse with tears dripping off his nose
The papers all wet but here's how it goes.
You were my siren, you drew me in
You taught me to love and you taught me to sin
I never thought you could break my heart
But I guess we were wrong right from the start
You were my siren, now I'm dead at sea
You drew me in, but you didn't want me
I just wish I knew where it all went wrong
But now another lost sailor can hear your song
###
Christmas is coming and I know I should be glad
But to tell the real truth I am really really sad
You see I have lost something so precious to me
And there is no way you could put it back under my tree
I was given a job quite some time ago
I thought I could do it, but it wasn't so
I honestly did what I thought was the best
But what I really did was make quite a mess
I was given a family with daughters to raise
Oh how I wish I could relive those days
I would do it different, be a better mother
Maybe then we wouldn't hate each other
My house is no longer a happy one
There is no more laughter, no more fun
No one talks, no one seems to care
We are all just roommates with a place to share
I don't really know where things went all wrong
I truly thought love would keep the family strong
Somewhere along the line I believe I've failed
Instead of love and caring it's hate that's prevailed
They have all given up they don't care anymore
And it breaks my heart to it's very core
I am tired of crying and feeling so bad
I want things to be happy and no longer be sad
I want my family back is that to much to ask
I don't really think it's an impossible task
Just talk to the girls and make them believe
That together there is nothing we can't achieve
We can be a family again, I know and I pray
They are just lost, please show them the way
Dear Santa I hope that you hear my plea
And bring my family back to me
###
My eyes fill up in tears,
as I miss you through the years,
I lie in bed at night,
as I think of this scary fright.
I love you with all my heart,
I wish we wouldn't have to be apart,
I keep thinking that this can't be real,
I wish you only knew how I feel.
Tears roll down my face,
To see you in such a happy place,
I hope we will meet again someday,
So the pain inside me will wash away.
###
How do I mend a broken heart?
My entire world has fallen apart.
How do I find hope in a brand new day,
when the one I love has gone away?
My mind overflows with memories of you,
of all that we've shared, all that we knew.
I long for your touch and your warm embrace,
the look in your eyes, the smile on your face.
My dreams are filled with your soft gentle kiss,
I wake and cry for all that I miss.
How do I mend a broken heart, 
when my one true love and I are apart?
Our moments together were precious and few,
but I cherished them all more than you knew.
I love you, my angel, and always will.
I loved you then and I love you still.
###
when sadness fills your heart
when tears make you fall apart
when its gloomy all around
when you hear a silent killing sound
when love loses its meaning
when you always end up screaming
when hope is lost and faith is shattered
when you have lost every battle that mattered
that is gifted time in life
cause god is with you when you struggle and strife
don't let it go for there's much you may learn
cause happiness is gained only when you yearn
this dark night will soon end in day
we will laugh again and play
spring will come very soon 
our fate will again shine like moon
hopes dashed to ground will again be honored and crowned
desire left alone will never be drowned
the dazzling light from above will fall on us
it will Begin the process of all sorrow minus and all joys plus
###
There is a beautiful world where I can see your face,
It exists only between time and space
Time shreds space like worn out fashion,
And leaves us desperate for our precious compassion
Space consumes time without our consent,
And hides the reality that our dreams were once spent
Our love is regained when we meet in between
And there we can dance again in our dream
###
Today I had a rotten day.
As I was coming in from play
I accidentally stubbed my toes
and tripped and fell and whacked my nose.
###
In winter I get up at night.
My hair is messy - what a sight!
###
Cookies are my favorite snack.
While I eat I smack, smack, smack.
Each flavor is so very sweet,
But chocolate chip cannot be beat.
###
My sister sits on them without one care.
I said, "Mom, it's just not fair!"
"Don't worry dear," my mother said.
"Cookies are hidden under my bed!"
###